Druid 30.0.0 release notes follow-up (#16509)
apache/druid: docs/release-info/release-notes.md

[#16144](https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/16144)

### Grouping on complex columns

Druid now supports grouping on complex columns and nested arrays.
This means that both native queries and the MSQ task engine can group on complex columns and nested arrays while returning results.

> Additionally, the MSQ task engine can rollup on supported complex dimensions, such as JSON columns, during ingestion.

Reviewer: Since we removed the explicit sorting section. 
```suggestion
Additionally, the MSQ task engine can rollup and sort on the supported complex dimensions, such as JSON columns, during ingestion.  
```

Author: Updated

> Additionally, the MSQ task engine can rollup and sort on the supported complex columns, such as JSON columns, during ingestion.

Reviewer 2: Is "roll up" the verb here?

[#16068](https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/16068)
[#16322](https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/16322)

### Improved groupBy queries

> Before realtime segments are pushed to deep storage, they consist of spill files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before Druid pushes realtime segments to deep storage, the segments consist of spill files.
```

> Segment metrics such as `query/segment/time` now report on per spill file for a realtime segment, rather than for the entire segment.

Reviewer 2: "on per" doesn't make sense here. "report per spill file" or "report on each spill file"?

[#15630](https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/15630)

#### Added a new config to `AzureAccountConfig`

> The new config `storageAccountEndpointSuffix` lets you configure the endpoint suffix to use so that you can override the default and connect to other endpoints, such as Azure Government.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new config `storageAccountEndpointSuffix` lets you configure the endpoint suffix so that you can override the default and connect to other endpoints, such as Azure Government.
```
